Repo name updates (#133)
infinitered/ignite-bowser: boilerplate/README.md

## Previous Boilerplates

* [2017 aka Andross](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite-andross)
* [2016 aka Ignite 1.0](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite-ir-boilerplate-2016)

## Premium Support

> [Ignite CLI](https://infinite.red/ignite) and [Ignite IR Boilerplate](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite-bowser), as open source projects, are free to use and always will be. [Infinite Red](https://infinite.red/) offers premium Ignite CLI support and general mobile app design/development services. Email us at [hello@infinite.red](mailto:hello@infinite.red) to get in touch with us for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Ignite CLI](https://infinite.red/ignite), [Ignite Andross](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite-andross), and [Ignite Bowser](https://github.com/infinitered/ignite-bowser), as open source projects, are free to use and always will be. [Infinite Red](https://infinite.red/) offers premium Ignite support and general mobile app design/development services. Email us at [hello@infinite.red](mailto:hello@infinite.red) to get in touch with us for more details.
```

Reviewer 2: You put "Andross" here. This is Bowser
